Write documentation on using the smithy4s json module directly (#1653)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/markdown/06-guides/using-json-module.md

# Using Smithy4s Json Module

> Smithy4s includes functionality to read/write Json from any smithy model. This is used automatically by the
> code generated by Smithy4s for server and clients. In some cases the use of the Json encoder/decoder is 
> desired for some functionality, like serializing an objec to Json before saving it to an object store. For 
> these cases the json module from Smithy4s can be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy4s includes functionality to encode and decode Json with the Scala types it generates. This is used automatically by Smithy4s for powering server and client implementations for the `alloy#simpleRestJson` protocol. In some cases the use of the standalone Json encoder/decoder is 
desired, like for serializing an object to Json before saving it to an object store. For 
these cases, the json module from Smithy4s can be used.
```

### Smithy Spec

In this guide we will be using the following smithy specification

```smithy
namespace example

structure Person {
  @required
  name: String,
  age: Integer,
  email: String,
  address: Address
}

structure Address {
  street: String,
  city: String,
  country: String,
  zipCode: Integer
}
```

## Reading and Writing Json

> Smithy4s creates a `Schema` for each smithy data type. The json module specifies a codec from `Schema <-> Json`. To use
> it just call the read and write methods on the `Json` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy4s creates a `Schema` for each smithy data type. The json module provides interpreters such that from a `Schema` we can get a Json codec. To use
it just call the read and write methods on the `Json` object.
```

```scala
import example.{Person, Address}
import smithy4s.Blob
import smithy4s.json.Json

val bob = Person("Bob", Some(20), Some("bob@example.com"), None)

val bobBlob   = Json.writeBlob(bob)
val bobString = Json.writePrettyString(bob)
val bob2      = Json.read[Person](bobBlob)

println(bobBlob) // outputs: ArraySliceBlob(..., 0, 49)
println(bobString) // outputs: 
// {
//    "name": "Bob",
//    "age": 20,
//    "email": "bob@example.com"
// }
```

## Serializing other data types

If you have data types not defined in the smithy specification, but still want to use the Smithy4s Json module on these data types then a `Schema` will have to be created for the data types.
More information around creating schemas can be found in the [Datatypes and schemas design guide](05-design/02-schemas.md). If the datatype is large and complex enough, then

> defining the schema for that type could become tedious, especially if any changes to that type need to be made. In this instance it's bettter to just add the datatype to the smithy specification and let

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defining the schema for that type could become tedious, especially if any changes to that type need to be made. In this instance it's better to just add the datatype to the smithy specification and let
```
